Vladimir Promagro installation of the stove us
bought klondike yes yes yes still go
going to go got a couple with
the place quickly say very good
Czech stove can
Poll pipe must put a sense of
size
what I did not put a little less but
principle even works with a smaller pipe
okay shorter sit no i don't care
less than 1 and nothing is ok
when mom's power doesn't come out right away
as if to melt a liter clap on ice
starting for suns re-adjust
little nasty working fine
starts and so does she do well at all
air is considered not you choose the matrix
also the cottage turns out how many 250
square principle as if even in cold weather
three words and temperature she kept her
so there every other day understand everything thanks
big for the tip
so the furnace is normal combat and
eating practically dr avar these and
dry and wet could even strain
we get with a powerful ball not
plan although it is written only pack dry
firewood principle is wet the same it is
Formally, sensibly, I am still there
don't throw attorney like prescribing
melt dude stuffed it incomplete it
worked comes because when firewood
just throwing video just firewood on
rubles you she starts clapping in each
Vidos it happens there we have
request claps the evening when the politician on
replacement of something abnormal she is fired
Well, what's so good?
there are probably 15 fully dressed for 25 on
30 in half and just tell there
thrust good stove well done
she is simple and we used to be the most nothing
there is nobody like that
for such for
Kapesh just building hydroelectric station so
it was possible to work in summer in winter
temperature wiring sewage
put on a fishing in the room
put alcohol beer 3 matches hi
took her flooded head fast principle
heats small rooms that
shook up rushed dried out and
further igloo plan still consisting
put there that we finish in the house already
deal like that normal thing good all
really look up to
dating